======== SAMPLE 1 ========
field of innovation, including Google and Facebook. This should make us pause and consider the possibility that they might not be as helpful as we thought.

David Sheperdson is associate professor of emerging media at Virginia Commonwealth University’s Murrie Pelton School of Media and future media studies. He is also a co-editor of the forthcoming international scientific journal *E-Asia* where he is a co-editor from July 2019 to December 2020. His research focuses on the impact e-waste and other waste arising from the burning of electronic media such as printed texts, images, and data. He is also interested in the ethical implications of this research. So, he says, “anything we do on earth to reduce our exposure to harmful environmental materials should definitely be done in space.”

Of course, there’s the even more pressing problem of how to dispose of electronic waste on the outer planets. There are no known asteroid or Mars-bound moons capable of supporting human habitation. There’s also the specter that other planets might not greet us with enough kindness to keep us visiting.

“We will discover life. We will discover life.” Those are the words from the International Astronomical Union that sit atop its 2018 global space tourism register. Their mission: To discover life beyond our solar system.

To do that, Sheperdson and his colleagues have collected a crew of three CubeSats — the smallest naturally-occurring spacecrafts that can collect the materials, scientists hope, and analyze them, to build a case for habitation in deep space. (Full-scale space station projects abound, of course, but weirder is more difficult to imagine.) “We’re going to go back to both Uranus and Neptune someday,” says Sheperdson. “And when we do go back, those planets are not going to look at all like what they were during Voyager. They are dynamic systems. There’s going to be methane ice on the surface, and we’ve never seen anything like it.”

The project is also gaining new supporters in the halls of Congress. In June, NASA announced that the House Appropriations Committee will hold a hearing on space, science and technology, which will likely draw several companies a end-of-life approach.

“The announcement that the [Affordable Housing Act] would be extended to include discriminatory practices against low-income families is cause for concern,” says Rep. Bill Foster, a Democrat from Tennessee who has long pushed for such oversight.

But the concern that extraterrestrial life could be elsewhere, far beyond our solar system, is dwarfed by the likelihood that we will discover life beyond our solar system. Even a hundred years from now, humans will still be able to look up at their distant relatives and studies comparing the first data from extraterrestrial life to human DNA will continue. NASA has put a lot of effort into designing life-like organisms for interaction with the human genome. The most notable is the so-called Advanced Metagenomics toolkit (AMHP) for understanding the origins and dynamics of disease. If we first find a suitable candidate, say, it will let us know which genes are targeted and what the disease is likely to look like. This will help treat and prevent diseases like Alzheimer’s, which are linked to the “gray goo” — abnormal proteins that clog blood vessels and nerve cells and which can lead to dangerous infections.

Search results for ADH in the genome of an animal or person with a familial form of hemophilia A, for example, are limited to long words, like “hamsters” or “gray goo.” Despite this, scientists say that until now, the field of genome editing for humans has been dominated by a few companies and ameshi based in the Bay Area.

Now, Genome Project is emerging as a rapid startup, with private companies and scientists involved from Germany, Italy, Japan, and Taiwan. The idea is to offer a more secure alternative to gene editing for patients suffering from non-inherited diseases like certain types of cancer or diabetes, which remains the gold mine for precise personalized medicine.

Take Shlain, 39-year-old project scientist Sean Liu of Yale University, lead developer of the gene-editing technology CRISPR, recalls how closely the gene-editing technique has been around since the early days of genome editing. “As early asc [in 1993] when he [first described it], CRISPR was described by [Miklos](&lt;|url|&gt;) and [John], and many people took it to be a breakthrough,” he remembers. “But it wasn’t until 1997 that we actually saw [real-world use]... [my father] got his own computer and started editing his own genome
